# Social-media-content-creation-data_analysis


__Social Buzz__ was founded by two former engineers from a large social media conglomerate, one from London and the other from San Francisco. 
They left in 2008 and both met in San Francisco to start their business. They started Social Buzz because they saw an opportunity to build on the foundation that their previous company started by creating a new platform where content took center stage.
Social Buzz emphasizes content by keeping all users anonymous, only tracking user reactions on every piece of content. There are over 100 ways that users can react to content, spanning beyond the traditional reactions of likes, dislikes, and comments. This ensures that trending content, as opposed to individual users, is at the forefront of user feeds. Over the past 5 years, Social Buzz has reached over 500 million active users each month. They have scaled quicker than anticipated and need the help of an advisory firm to oversee their scaling process effectively.  Due to their rapid growth and digital nature of their core product, the amount of data that they create, collect and must analyze is huge. Every day over 100,000 pieces of content, ranging from text, images, videos and GIFs are posted. All of this data is highly unstructured and requires extremely sophisticated and expensive technology to manage and maintain. Out of the 250 people working at Social Buzz, 200 of them are technical staff working on maintaining this highly complex technology.  Up until this point, they have not relied on any third party firms to help them get to where they are. 
